README.md, before:

# Solana Flashloan Arbitrage Bot

![Solana Logo](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/b9/Solana_logo.png)  
**A high-frequency trading bot designed to identify and execute flashloan arbitrage opportunities on the Solana blockchain.**
---
### Let's Connect!
<a href="mailto:bitbanana717@gmail.com" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Gmail">
</a>
<a href="https://t.me/bitfancy" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-2CA5E0?style=for-the-badge&logo=telegram&logoColor=white" alt="Telegram">
</a>
<a href="https://discord.com/users/bitbanana717" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-5865F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white" alt="Discord">
</a>

---

## 📜 Table of Contents
1. [Introduction](#-introduction)
2. [Features](#-features)
3. [Strategy](#-strategy)
4. [Algorithm](#-algorithm)
5. [Installation Guide](#-installation-guide)
6. [Usage](#-usage)
7. [Bot Results and Statistics](#-bot-results-and-statistics)
8. [Contributing](#-contributing)
9. [Contact Information](#-contact-information)
10. [License](#-license)

---

## 🌟 Introduction
This repository contains a **Solana Flashloan Arbitrage Bot** built using Rust. The bot is designed to identify and capitalize on arbitrage opportunities across decentralized exchanges (DEXs) on the Solana blockchain using flashloans. It leverages high-speed transaction execution and optimized strategies to maximize profitability.

---

## 🚀 Features
- **Flashloan Integration**: Borrow and repay funds within a single transaction to exploit arbitrage opportunities.
- **Real-Time Opportunity Scanning**: Monitors multiple DEXs for price discrepancies.
- **High-Speed Execution**: Built with Rust for low-latency performance.
- **Risk Management**: Implements safeguards to minimize losses.
- **Customizable Strategies**: Easily adapt the bot to different market conditions.

---

## 🎯 Strategy
The bot uses the following strategy to identify and execute arbitrage opportunities:
1. **Flashloan Borrowing**: Borrows assets using flashloans to avoid upfront capital requirements.
2. **Price Discrepancy Detection**: Scans multiple DEXs (e.g., Serum, Raydium) for price differences in trading pairs.
3. **Arbitrage Execution**: Buys the asset at a lower price on one DEX and sells it at a higher price on another.
4. **Repayment**: Repays the flashloan within the same transaction, keeping the profit.

---

## 🧠 Algorithm
The bot follows this algorithmic flow:
1. **Listen for On-Chain Data**: Monitors Solana blockchain for new transactions and price updates.
2. **Identify Opportunities**: Uses a mathematical model to detect profitable arbitrage opportunities.
3. **Simulate Transactions**: Estimates gas fees and potential profits before execution.
4. **Execute Trade**: Sends transactions to the Solana network with high priority.
5. **Repay Flashloan**: Repays the borrowed amount and records the profit.

---

## 🛠 Installation Guide
### Prerequisites
- **Rust**: Install Rust from [rustup.rs](https://rustup.rs/).
- **Solana CLI**: Install the Solana CLI from [Solana's official documentation](https://docs.solana.com/cli/install-solana-cli-tools).
- **Node.js**: Required for additional scripts (if any).

### Steps
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/bitfancy/solana-mev-bot-optimized.git
   cd solana-mev-bot-optimized
   ```
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   cargo build
   ```
3. Configure the bot:
   - Create a `.env` file in the root directory.
   - Add your Solana wallet private key and API keys:
     ```
     PRIVATE_KEY=your-wallet-private-key
     RPC_URL=https://api.mainnet-beta.solana.com(replace with your private rpc)
     ```
4. Run the bot:
   ```bash
   cargo run
   ```

---

## 🖥 Usage
1. **Test Mode**: Run the bot in test mode to simulate arbitrage opportunities without executing real transactions.
   ```bash
   cargo run --release -- --test
   ```
2. **Live Mode**: Execute the bot in live mode to start trading.
   ```bash
   cargo run --release
   ```
3. **Customize Parameters**: Adjust parameters like gas fees, slippage tolerance, and trading pairs in the `config.toml` file.

---

## 📊 Bot Results and Statistics
### Performance Metrics
- **Total Trades Executed**: 1,200+
- **Success Rate**: 92%
- **Average Profit per Trade**: 0.05 SOL
- **Total Profit (30 Days)**: 60 SOL

### Example Trade
| Step               | Details                                  |
|--------------------|------------------------------------------|
| Opportunity Found  | SOL/USDC price discrepancy on Raydium vs. Serum |
| Flashloan Borrowed | 100 SOL                                  |
| Buy Price          | 95 USDC per SOL                         |
| Sell Price         | 100 USDC per SOL                        |
| Profit             | 5 SOL                                   |

---

## 🤝 Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute, please follow these steps:
1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
3. Submit a pull request with a detailed description of your changes.

---

## 📞 Contact Information
For questions, feedback, or collaboration opportunities, feel free to reach out:

<div align="left">

📧 **Email**: [bitbanana717@gmail.com](mailto:bitbanana717@gmail.com)  
📱 **Telegram**: [@bitfancy](https://t.me/bitfancy)  
🎮 **Discord**: [@bitbanana717](https://discord.com/users/bitbanana717)  

</div>

---

## 📄 License
This project is licensed under the **MIT License**. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

### **Key Highlights of This README**
1. **Professional Structure**: Clear sections with a table of contents for easy navigation.
2. **Detailed Guide**: Step-by-step installation and usage instructions.
3. **Strategy and Algorithm**: Explains the bot’s logic and workflow.
4. **Results and Statistics**: Showcases the bot’s performance with real data.
5. **Contact Information**: Makes it easy for users to reach out for collaboration or questions.

Feel free to customize this template further to match your project’s specifics. Let me know if you need additional help! 🚀

Commit message:

Update RPC endpoints and secure key

README.md, after:

# Solana Flashloan Arbitrage Bot

![Solana Logo](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/b9/Solana_logo.png)  
**A high-frequency trading bot designed to identify and execute flashloan arbitrage opportunities on the Solana blockchain.**
---
### Let's Connect!
<a href="mailto:bitbanana717@gmail.com" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Gmail">
</a>
<a href="https://t.me/bitfancy" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-2CA5E0?style=for-the-badge&logo=telegram&logoColor=white" alt="Telegram">
</a>
<a href="https://discord.com/users/bitbanana717" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-5865F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white" alt="Discord">
</a>

---

## 📜 Table of Contents
1. [Introduction](#-introduction)
2. [Features](#-features)
3. [Strategy](#-strategy)
4. [Algorithm](#-algorithm)
5. [Installation Guide](#-installation-guide)
6. [Usage](#-usage)
7. [Bot Results and Statistics](#-bot-results-and-statistics)
8. [Contributing](#-contributing)
9. [Contact Information](#-contact-information)
10. [License](#-license)

---

## 🌟 Introduction
This repository contains a **Solana Flashloan Arbitrage Bot** built using Rust. The bot is designed to identify and capitalize on arbitrage opportunities across decentralized exchanges (DEXs) on the Solana blockchain using flashloans. It leverages high-speed transaction execution and optimized strategies to maximize profitability.

---

## 🚀 Features
- **Flashloan Integration**: Borrow and repay funds within a single transaction to exploit arbitrage opportunities.
- **Real-Time Opportunity Scanning**: Monitors multiple DEXs for price discrepancies.
- **High-Speed Execution**: Built with Rust for low-latency performance.
- **Risk Management**: Implements safeguards to minimize losses.
- **Customizable Strategies**: Easily adapt the bot to different market conditions.

---

## 🎯 Strategy
The bot uses the following strategy to identify and execute arbitrage opportunities:
1. **Flashloan Borrowing**: Borrows assets using flashloans to avoid upfront capital requirements.
2. **Price Discrepancy Detection**: Scans multiple DEXs (e.g., Serum, Raydium) for price differences in trading pairs.
3. **Arbitrage Execution**: Buys the asset at a lower price on one DEX and sells it at a higher price on another.
4. **Repayment**: Repays the flashloan within the same transaction, keeping the profit.

---

## 🧠 Algorithm
The bot follows this algorithmic flow:
1. **Listen for On-Chain Data**: Monitors Solana blockchain for new transactions and price updates.
2. **Identify Opportunities**: Uses a mathematical model to detect profitable arbitrage opportunities.
3. **Simulate Transactions**: Estimates gas fees and potential profits before execution.
4. **Execute Trade**: Sends transactions to the Solana network with high priority.
5. **Repay Flashloan**: Repays the borrowed amount and records the profit.

---

## 🛠 Installation Guide
### Prerequisites
- **Rust**: Install Rust from [rustup.rs](https://rustup.rs/).
- **Solana CLI**: Install the Solana CLI from [Solana's official documentation](https://docs.solana.com/cli/install-solana-cli-tools).
- **Node.js**: Required for additional scripts (if any).

### Steps
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/bitfancy/solana-mev-bot-optimized.git
   cd solana-mev-bot-optimized
   ```
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   cargo build
   ```
3. Configure the bot:
   - Create a `.env` file in the root directory.
   - Set the path to your Solana keypair and RPC endpoints:
     ```
     PAYER_KEYPAIR_PATH=/path/to/your/keypair.json
     RPC_URL=https://lb.drpc.org/ogrpc?network=solana&dkey=AqnrDFvdYEk3pZEO0c_dEq2CVVBiN-ER8KthbrRhIxXF
     RPC_URL_TX=https://lb.drpc.org/ogrpc?network=solana&dkey=AqnrDFvdYEk3pZEO0c_dEq2CVVBiN-ER8KthbrRhIxXF
     MAINNET_RPC_URL=https://lb.drpc.org/ogrpc?network=solana&dkey=AqnrDFvdYEk3pZEO0c_dEq2CVVBiN-ER8KthbrRhIxXF
     DEVNET_RPC_URL=https://lb.drpc.org/ogrpc?network=solana&dkey=AqnrDFvdYEk3pZEO0c_dEq2CVVBiN-ER8KthbrRhIxXF
    WSS_RPC_URL=wss://lb.drpc.org/ogws?network=solana&dkey=AqnrDFvdYEk3pZEO0c_dEq2CVVBiN-ER8KthbrRhIxXF
    ```
   - Keep your keypair file **outside** the repository and never commit it to version control.
4. Run the bot:
   ```bash
   cargo run
   ```

### Key Security
Store your wallet keypair in a secure location outside of this repository. Set
`PAYER_KEYPAIR_PATH` to the file path and never commit the key file to Git.

---

## 🖥 Usage
1. **Test Mode**: Run the bot in test mode to simulate arbitrage opportunities without executing real transactions.
   ```bash
   cargo run --release -- --test
   ```
2. **Live Mode**: Execute the bot in live mode to start trading.
   ```bash
   cargo run --release
   ```
3. **Customize Parameters**: Adjust parameters like gas fees, slippage tolerance, and trading pairs in the `config.toml` file.

---

## 📊 Bot Results and Statistics
### Performance Metrics
- **Total Trades Executed**: 1,200+
- **Success Rate**: 92%
- **Average Profit per Trade**: 0.05 SOL
- **Total Profit (30 Days)**: 60 SOL

### Example Trade
| Step               | Details                                  |
|--------------------|------------------------------------------|
| Opportunity Found  | SOL/USDC price discrepancy on Raydium vs. Serum |
| Flashloan Borrowed | 100 SOL                                  |
| Buy Price          | 95 USDC per SOL                         |
| Sell Price         | 100 USDC per SOL                        |
| Profit             | 5 SOL                                   |

---

## 🤝 Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute, please follow these steps:
1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
3. Submit a pull request with a detailed description of your changes.

---

## 📞 Contact Information
For questions, feedback, or collaboration opportunities, feel free to reach out:

<div align="left">

📧 **Email**: [bitbanana717@gmail.com](mailto:bitbanana717@gmail.com)  
📱 **Telegram**: [@bitfancy](https://t.me/bitfancy)  
🎮 **Discord**: [@bitbanana717](https://discord.com/users/bitbanana717)  

</div>

---

## 📄 License
This project is licensed under the **MIT License**. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

### **Key Highlights of This README**
1. **Professional Structure**: Clear sections with a table of contents for easy navigation.
2. **Detailed Guide**: Step-by-step installation and usage instructions.
3. **Strategy and Algorithm**: Explains the bot’s logic and workflow.
4. **Results and Statistics**: Showcases the bot’s performance with real data.
5. **Contact Information**: Makes it easy for users to reach out for collaboration or questions.

Feel free to customize this template further to match your project’s specifics. Let me know if you need additional help! 🚀
